we're inside the alabin school prayer
room in the aftermath of the massacre
perpetrated by the Israeli forces
against innocent civilians who were
simply offering dwn prayers more than
100 Palestinians were killed and dozens
more were injured the school where
hundreds of Palestinians were Sheltering
was targeted and hit by a number of
missiles fired from Israeli warplanes
the extent of the damage is clearly
visible blood splatters on the floor
pieces of cloth even body parts and
people are still looking for the remains
of their
relatives I came running to search for
my family my father was killed and my
brother's legs were both severed I am
proud my father and brother died as
Marchers I am now on the upper level of
the mosque it was also targeted by an
Israeli War Plane you can see the hole
where the missile penetrated the roof on
the lower level dozens of women were
praying on the lower level and were
killed and injured these are some of the
parts of the missiles fired from Israeli
Jets on innocent displaced civilians
Sheltering here in the school despite
the danger many families have returned
to the school and the fact they have
nowhere else to
go my son is suffering from lung
fibrosis we hardly survived the attack I
carried my son and ran for our lives by
the time I got down I saw hundreds of
dead bodies blown to Pieces even even
scattered outside the school building
body organs stuck on the walls horrific
scenes Beyond description Beyond reason
we have nowhere to go so we returned to
the school where the most basic
necessities of life are totally
absent this is the scene at the alabin
school where displaced Palestinians were
Sheltering and the Israeli military
committed this massacre
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jazer